Father Emperor remembers so clearly
Maybe today.
I really miss my son
Of course I want to
I think of you all the time
Remember when you were little
Father Emperor
I am old
I like to think about the past
Let's have a good chat today
Don't think I'm nagging
Remember when you were 7 years old?
And the minister has grown up
I always do things for those childhood things
Mo Ze has grown up
Shouldn't have mentioned
Shouldn't arrive
Go ahead.
Moser
If your mother hadn't forced you back then
What kind of person do you want to be?
What kind of person?
One can be at leisure
People who have traveled the great rivers and mountains of my light boat country
One can be tired and tired
Sleep soundly
Best.
A person who can write poetry
Father Emperor
It's a little selfish to say
And since I got rid of it
After those heavy academy memorials
Never thought about it again
How can we find a way out for the common people?
How can I live up to my mother's expectations?
I never thought about it again
How can I protect my brother?
Father Emperor
Second minister these years
Really tired
I ask you
What you said at first
To find a way out for the people of Qing Zhe Kingdom
Did you find it?
Then will you blame your father?
No wonder.
First Prince, slow down
The pain will go away soon.
My son
Why did you escape today's step?
Ah father
Father, don't cry
Children are not allowed
The father emperor who can't be a son
The son-in-law is really happy, father and emperor
The emperor is so tired
Children and grandchildren are so tired
Son, hahaha.